and the sassenheimers conversation to work or vincent and feel i'm going to start
Let me first say that I have completely left wisdom teeth
and I have some swellings, she may be me
it sounds a bit strange that I sound football and can't do well
apologize for that but we are going to start now the first is already going
for call of duty every year there is of course a plan study game and so on
again this year it seems the regime that has released a trailer this week
which shows that he is already in the food newspaper and ceo van slachteren
and I think going on November 4 for the export is not football
they have not yet announced other platforms there, but there is a chance
of course quite large that he will also play for the twitter pfff in 2003
but what is culture of athletes other name it says it is really a lake
advanced warfare can prohibit the playing field much more
as black ops we are in the future off namely in the year 2054 in this year
a kind of global disadvantage thereof occurred where the
several terrorist attacks
in several major cities in the world the main character is the former soldier
more sol and he gets an offer from some partner that there is a buyer
built-in atlas corpore sano what the offer to join them
close it is a fully fledged not quite known because say the player
The Scissor Pirate is selling Herpen organizations that is employed by
american government
where this organization has
excel set trends and that's what a culture that is
it becomes something really unimportant is going to be names that
texel go-karts perhaps know it a bit from taiwan fall but this excel
since cultivation, the player gives the opportunity to jump much higher
than a normal person that could
they can be better clemmons to be able this can take ten slide and they can even
Ours become visible from a short time making them this surface from behind
can decide but that excelsior that will really become something important
you have to be a lot of money users
researched but you can say the case of the world where it is very often
prevented in the end I almost never came for you can almost never controlled
maybe that is also what the exeo sends
but yes, she really goes there
Quite brand in the future play much more very apples very technology it
Gaming used in this new Rudy coach however this one was also said
that for this culture that turned a new and dennis myself I doubt that
Turkish attacker will be the coach Rudi Diels said
in the end it turned out that language is not the case
but as in the beginning zeidi game goes on March 4 deceased bobby
fortiseffect won nothing for it
and probably
ready let's say of course
you can also go out exactly in the image 4
and a computer we continue with mass effect of course the man spectra logic
is over but it does not mean that the mass effect universe is far from it
is over
apparently names have announced the development of a new carrot
game
so that the ball still floats universe
is halfway through development
as far as I am concerned, it is very good news that appointments are great
sandvik are series and i really can't wait for apple's new mast a game
is coming out
and but I wonder what they will do with that of characters and that kind
things that led van gaal
so that will naturally be seen as a therapist I may have shot myself
at the end of next year that it came out we could just go with it
see these
it is
Sold 2 million times and of course talk about the design students
version
and to be honest I have learned to play a little the last few days
and
actually the game is best on paper to mark empel the zero comma zero spice girl
You can still cook a chain, and certainly drive a vehicle
take them all and it plays
besson is actually right I wonder how many of you are players on this one
if your duels are played m
if you have stopped playing why is that like me you will find the
control
just sucks
let performances know what they want let us know in the comments very curious
to van amerongen that the latest news to get started imam the testing
last week of course also considering the details that were announced
however, this has announced that it will invest half a billion dollars
in best with it
fine of a million dollars
what then where should they all invest that they are supposed to
advice intended for development
the marketing and infrastructure of the game and that is of course really one
breeding gigantically large assignments would go the foundation the project
ever but that ball lets it go that it will turn out well and that it will
to keep going is reflecting in the quality of the game I have you
so much out but the game he is talking about the price the weather is not good plan
technical problems were found for the short term
am allowed to go out now
and tom beans once
later on